[Music]
family
I was friends with him he crashed but it
fragmented well we have been and we have
been living that Dallas is
responding on Twitter to people
who compared it to the crash I
imagine he will talk about it in the video
or I don't know but well if you want to
know
if you want to know
[Music] I
have the extractor and it has uploaded okay
let's watch the video [ __ ] Dallas I was
friends with him he crashed but it fragmented
you have probably seen them all of
course
go to the video like subscribe to the
video it was the absolute and
complete ridiculous your career plummeted
after how he put you jota but now I
understand let's see if I'm a [ __ ]
hypocrite
so look it has been
over in social networks it is the
stream they play and play play those five
because there are five the multiple
personalities that this man has I
will show you a small corner they are law boots
better videos about his case are coming
well they are much more than 5 g
summary and some of the tweets that
occurred but I'm also going to give you my
opinion and a point  from a totally
contrary view to what I actually see on
social networks usually thinking of the
people who make fun of him as the people who
defend him but that there is something beyond
everything we are seeing before
starting the video I remind you that
subscriptions are totally closed
to new visitors and this is the first
time that it is a video of mine or you had not
unsubscribed until now I'm sorry but
subscriptions pack are closed
for new visitors from to
everything that counts is the experience and
only take into account the
video suggestions that people who have not
subscribed to my channel for years tell me for all the
new ones I'm sorry but you can't be
part of the veterans club
you arrived late but so that you don't have
the slightest idea of ​​what the hell all this is about,
well I'm going to give a little summary
first of all who is socas is a
streamer who has become known more
than anything in the last year for dedicating himself to
getting together with other
well-known streamers it is a totally
objective fact that this man would be
absolutely nobody if he hadn't
constantly limited with the most
thank you very much he has made a one
hundred percent objective fact okay
[Music]
in fact
how much he had  let's see what was bad for him
is the technique to increase
subscribers to good jokes I imagine
because of the kid I imagine but
man be
[Music]
what was bad for choca but
obviously if they didn't say a [ __ ] clue
how they got him to invite him to the
series to know if he would know someone a
[ __ ] clue we get off the spicy chj the
same as really everyone else
since they all depend on their fame
being in different communities to
grow their own community since that is
essentially how twitch works it is almost
impossible to grow organically if you don't get
together with someone well it turns out
that when chocas this one in a stream they
caught him opening twitter and a
twitter account that he opened it turns out that a
secondary account of his of the many
secondary accounts that they caught him
later in which he was
essentially dedicated to self-merce his
own balls that is to say that he was the
number one streamer above auro
nor other streamers on top of attacking
people who previously helped him to
achieve the fame that he had obtained
and attacking the people whose
balls he sucks in public such as for example the
Mariana's little speech, okay, he already had
3000 PSUV before the first goal, he already gave us a
chance, it went badly for him,
obviously he wasn't doing bad at all,
but it wasn't what if he flew,
but rather served what he did, it wouldn't have been, it wouldn't have
been, on
top of that, reaching a point of narcissism and
authentic schizophrenia, for my taste,
saying tweets like the
following one where he was defending himself
in the third person and when they told him yes yes
you are a secondary account of
chocas, the guy pretending to be
a woman said that you are trying to
say that I am chocas, hahaha I wish
Chiquis and he earned what he earns and he's going to be
talking here with you and obviously
this was his secondary account among
many others that he had, which we're going to see
here in today's video,
after
this discovery, he
started streaming to make fun of people, to lie
about the content that
these alternate social networks really publish, that
is to say that he was only
responding to the bullying that was done to him,
which is a lie, he dedicated himself to attacking
with his own friends his colleagues
who had made him famous in the first
place and essentially he responds  to
not very transcendental tweets that told him things
like that he didn't play terrarium well and in
response to those tweets he dedicates himself to
going super crazy literally the terrarium
the minecraft where he went crazy for
that so what the [ __ ] the terrarium dude I do
n't know what the [ __ ] is with rage dude
dh fed up with listening this
week the [ __ ] terrarium
with rage look at the choco khatibi
precisely
stretching all the time tab
highlights his mother is an oil
this is the terrarium that he talks so much about
this week
a little game
and the guy thinks he discovered
america
a microphone in 2b
and the guy talks about the terrarium as if he
were an expert what I tell you
hey txiki what happened to you whoever saw you and
who sees you
thank you very much that is what is
considered bullying
today if the victim acts today
saying that there was a lot of
bullying yesterday you really don't know what
bullying is you are far from knowing
what bullying is in any case you
are the one who does it the one who encourages it if you
still have it after talking about how you
suffered from it you have to have nerve
well it lasts I don't want to get ahead of myself
but essentially shortly
after some big streamers
responded to him what one of them responded
quite well but essentially his little
friend ibai and others instead of
attacking him for what he did they really
start to sort of
justify many of them
things can be said like the poor thing
and this is something that not only I don't tell but
what we have been talking about before
with frank okay in many of my
followers also brought
this topic to my attention and they tell me this is what was
seen and he says yes that they started to
advise him as psychologists but if you
had done that [ __ ] what
would have fallen on you this is not even
necessary to ask this because
many times I have responded
explicitly to things that are really
authentic harassment that is not telling me that I
play badly it makes you angry like it happened to him and
when I complain about this situation
being in what I have done to
you franchises that by giving to the
things they say to you they don't play the
video game anymore you are such a person who knows what I am
saying to the things that he is answering the
clash is that he plays that little game badly and
maybe some  that he doesn't even play
badly maybe some are telling them
that there's someone better than him you know who
supports her with my own face not with
alternate accounts self-licking myself
that in Italy what they do then is
blame me for all of that yes it is
true harassment that people are capable
of justifying as a joke that someone
like for example came and told me I abused
my own sister and laughed at the
false accusations that fell on me and
a series of other things repulsive and gosh he
should apologize to the dalai be a
sincere apology I think that
[Music]
if he feels like it play if he hasn't done it because he doesn't
want to
but a sincere apology is the truth
that
[Music] would do him
good it would do good to both of them
the truth would do him very well it went if the
people already those that he recommended him and the
psychologist that he should who not only
recommended him to me but to me
for months even until now to
this day I am still watching a large
part of the video that are the apologies
of the choco dance
[Music]
and the wing comes out  with two clothes no no no no no
death threats of
all kinds keep coming
leave me with something that is more than [ __ ]
mind
if you want to stop the video and read little gem
heh it is
obvious that it is not who says it
but whoever says it that the important thing
in this whole matter is not
criticized that the client is whoever it is
yes despite the fact that this guy I really do not
understand who could have liked him at
some point in their life because his mere
way of expressing himself shields vulgarisms
and I am not speaking simply to
swear because I also
swear a lot but at least within
my message there is some kind of
coherence and yet he only dedicates himself
to insulting people in a super
beastly way while inflating his totally
absurd ego and as we have already seen really
false because if we have learned anything from
him it is that he is a very small man
inside a man so small that he
cannot stand being told that he is bad at
playing terrarium and then you have to
start insulting his
stream colleagues who have made him famous and a
series of other really repulsive things
20 from his alternate account  he messed with
other streamers and on top of that they had supported him
in his career that had made him famous
in the first place this is him by the way
okay this is him pretending to be a
woman but not a specialist account he was
seen on stream showing it without believing
to satisfy the reaction by the way
because it's also funny and he says hey one
is all subscribed he was one of
views this year
streamer top 1 right now and you say that
auron is better because he writes less
hours or more dressing on youtube the
famous one who has more merits or cash
or aurore this also gives me a little bit
a small reflection of how among
them they are hyper black fake let's go
see some of them so you can see
look at this crisis between them who has
been caught talking behind their back
good morning
between some that if I know
some things I like that and I've
said it a lot of times in those
big film groups there are
not only people who criticize each other behind their
backs no no it's people who have had
truly
big things happen to them to advertise and they are
laughing
if he painted your house of  mic and then
a bomb I
invite you to 1,007 invited like let's see,
for example,
I was invited to the squid game and
if they invited me to more things I would go of
course because I have nothing
personal with any of them, I may like them
more or less, to know but in the
end nothing personal has happened to me but
there are things that have happened between some
of them that have reached me because
everything reaches me on the internet which is
like a thing that still coincides in the
series not because it comes in the series of
30 40 50 100 string for the end streamer
okay,
well you don't meet people no
names that start laughing
efe the welcome to the family
thank you very much it's something that I
am the same series like me in the
walk to the sea something that could happen to me
with some there were some that don't even
talk okay but well in the end
nothing personal serious has happened to me it's that one
gave me the strike that the other I made a
video and he said no no there's nothing strong would you
say that you like Juan yes yes
of course yes I have
had  things that criticize him and he will have
things that I don't like they
are simply talking about a game
which is what I know on the internet and
simply some awards and a person
was giving his opinion on why another
streamer named Mariana deserved
the award more he and he have burned
inside not happy with already
winning the award he can't accept an
opinion that is not bullying him
at any time and he starts to boast about
his it
's that look at you twitter
or I mean the clash has exploded like this with
people for these types of tweets
don't [ __ ] with me man
don't touch my dick his fragile
male ego and you can say and let's go that
the socas has 25 thousand subscribers that Mariana will never
reach in his life that doesn't
count and it's the most important thing no haha
you are envious crybabies instead of
accepting the defeat your eyes like pe
this is for you bullying or chestnut you
really make me laugh you make me feel sorry for you have no
idea what bullying is you don't
know you don't have the slightest idea what bullying is you
don't know what it's like to
live  harassment in your life to the most lived
about sad man in a
glass bubble here someone wondering who does
n't know why the socas is famous and it's
only because he got together with stream he's
big if he says the same they would get together
with the big egg I mean you have to
have balls they would be known to
you and you on top of that tell yourself tell me or not I am
the best I am number one
telam
of the marinera god what a shame the
account but on top of that let's see that you are
clear about one thing that you are
clear about one thing he
crashes
despite the fact that they have caught him and what
he will regret is ops
already clumsy that they asked me for the
screen
he is wrong because they have caught him and
because a [ __ ] shame it
is
shameful because it's not that you have
multiple accounts because many people have multiple accounts
then we have an account to see
what this paper says in the other block
has a lock is what it does and what it
says from the multiple accounts here a
compilation of many tweets throwing
poop at Aaron saying what I am I had
not seen this
and as to the main account it is even
because  the truyes are totally
variable on twitter it's my mother the
socas thing has no name or solution
look tell your stream thank you very much to
you tuca direct the first favorite that
works the most in all is the clown
without even counting that he is the one that
gets the most closes
and traction I'm also going to respond to
accounts of younger girls this one in
particular that was 12 years old as you can
see here he was dedicated to responding to
these girls the tweets I don't see them right now
because he ran very quickly to
delete the account when he saw that he had
screwed up but he did dedicate himself to commenting and
also to giving like to photos of
teenage girls in addition to using his
alternate account to say things like good
lolas chiki remember that he has 30
cases either he is not a teenager
to be looking at girls of 15
literally doubles his age if they are a
piece of macho with a fragile ego and how this leak really happened well it turns out that while he was peeing on something else he opened a window and when he opened the window he stopped studying for it people noticed that when he opened it this profile picture appeared on the twitter avatar
which obviously  I ended up brutally
and realizing his mistake he closed it
running but it was too late
look at him for the issue you have
seen that he lasted more than a second on
screen but that was enough for
people to realize because there are many
people who have suspected for quite some
time that the pse dica is going to have multiple
accounts and this was not the only one that
happened that an instant later he can
realize what he had done it is the
most ridiculous thing I have seen in a long
time left to the extractive scene I
was looking for it I
was looking for the
napkin scene everywhere and oh I
was looking for the life scene
everywhere I'm finally going to see it
altar with will probably come back if you
mind if I go for a second for a
napkin if it matters that there was a
second for a napkin xd and he grabs his
phone and runs away
ah
[Music]
and my god I didn't see it I did
n't see that
second for a napkin xd and he grabs his
phone and runs away
the Mohican my mother of my life I
really say this to this day I still don't
understand honestly why someone
followed this  sir your way of expressing yourself
was the most disgustingly vulgar it was
like the brother in law of your family that one who
starts shouting like crazy saying a
bunch of insults at
family meals he never says anything coherent
but he dedicates himself to speaking in speeches
as if he were the damn william wallace
he's about to send the whole family
to war look how that
guy expressed himself when he really was
the same he dedicates himself to criticizing and
now and well not to mention the typical
how many padlock and how good it is that the
people who have a padlock account make me
want to defecate and I know that there are many
people here that follow me that
really have a padlock account if you don't have the
personality to have a
men account with which to say all your [ __ ] those who
remain silent it's okay to remain
silent if you don't have the balls to
say things to someone's face don't say it behind your
back either you little [ __ ]
pathetic but a real laugh
people had been asking me for a long time what I
thought of socas and the brass that I ignored
to answer what I thought of him because it
seemed to me  sincerity and a clown was
unable to understand why people
liked such content from someone
who was capable of expressing himself in such a
vulgar way. I have said this many times I
admire the fact that he has a lot of work now,
the effort, what he has achieved is
okay, insulting his own
subscribers on many occasions
the people who followed him are insulted
and speaking in such a disgustingly
repulsive, vulgar, vulgar way, but I also didn't
feel like talking about him really
because as much as I don't like
someone, why would I make a video about him? It
seems unnecessary to me, but this did
catch my attention because it really makes me
quite, quite angry that
authentically harassing streamers are
now defending their current actions, let's
see. Okay, it's quite strong
but let's see what happened. The
immediate reaction after they discovered
that that was his account is knowing what he does. Quotas, lock, I don't give a damn
about them
of course, of course, if sale, meter,
joke, made, almost high fives. He
thinks it's wrong that I, from one end,
alter account, tell him a lot that I'm a son of a [ __ ].
I find it wrong, incredible, this is what happened
immediately after that  they
discovered wrong I
hope that one of your treasures
becomes a shock as I have
done hunting
well I think this is detestable with time it is not detestable
with time no
but no
but well thanks for your five payments let's
see I hope metro is detestable with
time and can be helped before this
was the first reaction he had in this
clip it is not shown in full but in
essence he is dedicated to justifying what he
does to lie about the things he was
really doing already pretending that no it is not that they
were only telling me
bad things when in reality he was not only
dedicated to responding to people who had
different opinions and it is not now
what a shame man what a
shame
what the [ __ ] have I done that massa in the [ __ ]
survey here even how they treat each other
[Music]
now for eating the same cake in which
everyone fights to get the
largest possible part of sodium the
influencer groups I hate with
all my soul perceive on my own and
obviously this comes with some
social consequences that we will now see
because it is the tribal instinct
[Music]
as I am not part of any tribe
those who are part of the others  tribes
consider me the enemy and that's why I
hope that we have acts like the one
now that is already agitated see here
is eugenio
but this time he is not going to talk about a genius
of the goddess
listen that I always behaved very well that
only ended now you can have
such a thick skin you have literally been
making alternate accounts with which you
attack people it's not just that they
caught you in the first place they've
caught you many other accounts like for
example this one where days pass questions
eugenio fernandez and he did exactly the
same thing and this account dates from the beginning of
last year and you dare to say that it is
always now
the days
[Music]
my dear
look at you really the things that
happen to me on the internet are completely
surreal man did you notice it was
only my wife Lorena I told this last night
when I talked to how many people
insult me ​​in the end he comes for this type
of nonsense not
that they come from the groups of people that I
criticize whatever
look at you so that it calls my
attention so that it calls my
attention an account
now because it caught my attention
imagine and imagine for it to
catch my attention how heavy it was hello
against nonsense or how shameless they
were pulse
you understand but also the same photo and
the same name on youtube as on
twitter for it to catch my
attention man
imagined
imagine
for them to give me that support
normally he reported blocking of everything
for ass height and I'm laughing sincerely
I'm laughing idea in this account he was dedicated
to publishing screenshots and the funny thing about these
screenshots is that the ridiculous published
screenshots with the avatar of his channel that is
twice with the same ridiculous mistake
very funny the truth is too
funny and nothing thanks that with
this account
twice twice
twice with the channel logo
sometimes it refers to a chapel
live and other times twice enlarged but the fact is
that nobody here noticed man
how did I not realize this in his day he was
dedicated to publishing screenshots and the
funny thing about these screenshots is that the
ridiculous the screenshots with the avatar of
his channel that is twice with the same
ridiculous mistake very funny the truth is
too funny and nothing thanks
that with this account on top of it he is dedicated to
putting  even photos of other people and
retweet things to pretend it
was a real account it is really very
strong there is no flagrancy with all the
accounts as I tell you because I
have
[Music]
Czech Perez insult then Perez arrived
who the [ __ ] because I have the link with
the wild machine of this account of
Katy from Catv Pi and does the same thing retweets
interacts schizophrenic I think he
really can have a point being able to
literally put photos of other
people talking about himself like the
photo in a model is attacked in the photo
on Google and you search for it by images and it
is like a model something if it were a woman
or as if it were a man it is incredible
but the mythomania really is something
pathological because he knows that people are
going to know what he really did and even
so he is capable of lying again to
people pretending that he did not do something that
apparently he said that they will have thrown the account
or in other words his body
and well the subject of the apologies
a little such a family see it complete
you in the channel to continue watching the
video in the channel of  Dallas Complete
[Music]